good afternoon and welcome to the annual
mascot football game here in China
understanding mom calm John I'll be
bringing you all of today's action down
on the field again today our mascots
taking on the Hampstead ravens our
mascot sled of course my doctor tiger
from Towson University Ravens bring
incredible size and speed to the field
mascots will have their work cut out for
them the game will start at the 25-yard
line ravens with the ball first row from
the ravens settles in for the pass rush
dock into the backfield with the sack to
start to gain doc showing great speed
getting into the backfield getting to
the quarterback and setting up a second
in 15 situation for hams and ham stable
need to hit the ground tag going to stay
in this game the handoff for hims that
breaks through the middle just do to
beat from James Madison and he's in for
the touchdown to just too slow that's
going to be a problem today hampstead on
the board first they take a seven to
nothing lead over the mascots now it's
gonna be mascot ball at the 25-yard line
mascot settle in royal bird in a
quarterback in the shotgun formation dr.
Tiger standing to his right
hike the ball the fake handoff to dr.
tiger he's in LA no passing pattern a
little things doc picked off by Harper
green turtle the chance he can't get to
him Quixote takes a swing he can't get
there either great makeup speed though
he's got one last chance this could be a
pick-six the dives no good the cup in
too late in the Ravens in four pick 6 14
to nothing just like that the band in
the end zone we could see a penalty flag
Allah Stanford either way Ravens up 14
to nothing a upset in the making let's
see this again Harper rather perfectly
great pick the green turtle just a
little too slow to get there Quixote you
will see some great makeup speed here
but just can't quite get a hand on
Harper he's going to make a dive and no
good out of nowhere comes the cup from
smoothie king he spills his guts and
again Harper in for the touchdown as the
ham sent Ravens up 14 to nothing mascots
a game with a ball little quarterback
keeper for the bird who's backing the
quarterback two tackles a beat he's in
for the touchdown great redemption for
the oriole bird as he made that
interception throw comes right back with
a quarterback keeper takes it in 25
yards on first down breaking through two
tackles he is getting that crowd pumped
up let's take another look at that two
Ravens on him pulling him down right at
the one-yard line he's able to fall in
for the touchdown cut that lead in half
14 to seven hampson still leaves Henson
that hurry up often taking it right to
it a five-yard pickup on first down and
bring up second down and five from the
20 yard line
hempstead lines up the snap another
quarterback keeper Quixote reads this
well though into the backfield kids who
the quarterback makes the stop that's
gonna bring a third down EOD reading
that not fooled on the option and a
5-yard loss for the Ravens of take
another look again Quixote into the
backfield quickly rather than option
perfectly grabs him by the arm spins
around literally picking him up right
there good stop from the mascots to
bring up third down and five now and
dock into the backfield again another
great pass watch his second sack of the
game he started out that first play of
the game before the tension when the
sack he gets his second right there
again showing great speed into the
backfield so forth town now for him said
in the hurry-up offense kicking it to
the outside again just do to beat he
gets you the corny end zone and he's and
Duke beat twice today for the touchdown
hampstead 21 to seven over the Ravens
excuse me over the mascots and they are
just giving it to them today so
hampstead again looks like we're gonna
have an upset here mascots with very
little time nothing to get one more shot
doc lined up at quarterback it looks
like again this could be the last play
of the game he takes the ball little
spin move Ravens all around them breaks
through the tackle he's down to the 20
down to the 15 finally dragged down at
the 11 yard line and that's going to do
it the Ravens out of nowhere pull up the
upset over our mascots led by Daka tiger
from town
University our final scored 21-7 thanks
for joining us